
Name Lisa
Call sign Kosa XA3AP
Born in joint development region
Belongs to Vostok-08

personal briefing

Lisa is a scout in Vostok-08. Because of her mischievousness, tendency to talk nonsense, frequent slacking off and dozing off, and her penchant for disappearing under the guise of "infiltration training," she's Elena's most troublesome subordinate. Lisa's parents are both well-educated intellectuals, but they adopted a "laissez-faire"(let do) approach to her upbringing. At school, Lisa's pranks were so severe that all the teachers avoided her, so no other unit wanted to hire her. Only Elena recognized her talent and saw it could fill the gaps in Vostok-08's roster, and Lisa felt a strong sense of belonging to Vostok-08 here, she wasn't required to sit cooped up in the classroom, but could frequently run around the United Territory, enjoying the various novel outdoor sights.

Lisa's stealth abilities are unanimously recognized; if she doesn't want to be found, she can almost remain hidden forever. She also possesses an exceptionally strong sense of spatial awareness; even while dozing off with her eyes closed, she can accurately detect the movement of surrounding creatures and vehicles, allowing her to escape in time if Elena tries to capture her.

Lisa's remarkable intuition fails when the noise is too loud, so Elena deduces that this is a product of a combination of extremely keen hearing and associative abilities—in other words, Lisa actually has a fairly intelligent mind, but she only uses half of it to complete the task, while using the other half to slack off. Lisa always felt that the daily training exercises were too easy, and the enemies they faced behaved in a predictable way. They could be understood even with their eyes closed, which made her lose motivation.

If she could act on her own, she preferred to tease her targets, playing little pranks on them to add some spice to her life. The various animals she encountered during her missions were also inevitably the subject of her teasing; it was common to see squirrels or rabbits held lightly in her arms—Lisa, who had no desire to harm humans, naturally wouldn't harm animals either. After playing with these little creatures for a while, she would release them all back into the wild.

Elena frequently reprimanded Lisa for underestimating the enemy, always emphasizing the existence of far greater threats. However, since Lisa had never failed, these reprimands were largely ineffective. After two years of service, Lisa felt the United Territory had lost its novelty. When would Elena take her to see the wider world and witness those "far greater threats"?
Interview transcript

Interviewee: Elena
Lisa's hiding away to slack off again; she's always this lazy...
But on the battlefield, she would Become the most trustworthy person.

Interviewee: Mia

"Expert" and all that... Lisa's praise for me is excessive. According to the "Joint Leading Comprehensive Evaluation and Review Expert Management Measures," I still need to complete several professional technical courses, as well as basic theoretical studies... Even if I haven't mastered them yet, I will continue to work hard to help everyone!

Interviewee: Lida

Many people mistake Lisa's abilities for EGO, but that's not the case at all. My brother said that many two-year veterans in the army have developed the same abilities as Lisa—of course, it's a good thing if they don't, as they might get promoted to rank of field officer while on night watch!

