Name: Elena
Origin: Joint Development Region
Callsign: Flag-Bearer (ЗНАМЁНЩИК)
Affiliation: Unified Armed Forces /EAST-08 (ОБЪЕДИНЁННЫЕ ВООРУЖЁННЫЕ ОТРЯД /ВОСТОК-08)

When the President of Vespucci faces a crisis, the first question is always “Where is the nearest carrier strike group?”. When the Joint Region’s Administrative Committee is in trouble, they always turn to the Vostok-08 Squad as their ace in the hole. The Alliance may have 12 aircraft carriers, but on planet Knox, there’s only one professionally trained special forces unit by Earth’s standards—and the heavy responsibility of leading that team falls to Elena.
“Elena dedicated her entire life and passion to the squad: she cares deeply about each team member’s mental and physical well-being, assigns the most suitable tasks to each individual, holds strict training standards, and leads by example. Before every mission, she thoroughly gathers intel before making any decisions—never fighting battles she’s not confident in. And once the operation begins, she always takes the lead, adjusting plans on the fly to command her comrades.”
A native of Unity City, Elena lived through the turbulent period before and after the collapse of the Alliance, when the Joint Region fell into anarchy. Her home was looted by rioters, and her parents were beaten so severely they were left permanently disabled. Fueled by a burning hatred of evil, Elena joined the Security Bureau with the firm resolve to fight crime and restore the peace and beauty of her childhood memories in the Joint Region.
Thanks to her exceptional sense of justice and ambition, Elena was assigned to the elite 8th Special Operations Unit—a team much stronger than its successor, the 8th Unit. At that time, its frontline combatants were all seasoned veterans, and Elena could only sit on the bench during operations. The Administrative Committee regarded the 8th Unit as a shining emblem of the Joint Region, frequently dispatching them across the territory to reassure the public. But during one such return trip from Ruvila, the 8th Unit’s convoy was destroyed by a roadside bomb, causing massive casualties. The post-incident investigation concluded, embarrassingly, that the explosion was a result of an armed clash between two local villages over personal grievances, who accidentally injured the passing 8th Unit. Crippled by the loss, the unit’s strength could no longer be restored. The remaining survivors, demoralized, retired one after another.
It was then that Elena picked up the fallen banner. After the 8th Unit was disbanded, she was assigned to form a new team—the Vostok-08 Squad.From the very beginning, shaped by that bloody lesson, Elena demanded the rejection of all non-essential missions.Even now, Elena values the safety of her team members more than the completion of any objective.The higher-ups in the Joint Region are fully aware of this, but considering the irreplaceable value of Elena's rebuilt team, they can only allow her to do things her way.
------------------------------------------
Interview Record
Interviewee: Claudia
"Elena always keeps her distance from me during operations.
Some dumb desk jockeys think she doesn’t like me.
No—
I know she’s just scared we’ll be killed by the same grenade."
---
Interview Record
Interviewee: Lisa
"Big sis Elena always insists,
‘I will absolutely guarantee the Warant Officer safety!’
Though honestly, big brother isn’t that fragile———
Looks like that one mistake last time really hit her hard."
---
Interview Record
Interviewee: Stella
"I knew it~ the Warant Officer is really good at syncing with this kind of 'rough standard-issue gear’...
But maybe it’s okay to let yourself go once in a while~
And indulge in some personalized, thoughtful service~
Looking forward to your next visit~"