TRAVEL WARNING

THE UNITED VESPUCCIAN STATES

Travel Warning Regarding the Republic of Ruvila: Issued by the Consular Affairs Bureau of the State Council of the United Vespuccian States

Notice description:		NOTICE DESCRIPTION

Sunday, 1997

Due to the high risk of crime and internal conflict, please reconsider travel to the Republic of Ruvila (including the Joint Development Region). Higher risks exist in some areas. See below for details.

Situation Rating:		STATE OF AFFAIRS RATING

Level III risk, please reconsider travel.

Due to risks of crime, internal conflict, armed conflict, terrorism, and kidnapping, please do not travel to the following areas:

Greater Ruvilia, Sobilin Province, Vladikhova Province 

Country Profile:

Violent crimes—such as homicide, kidnapping, shootings, and armed robbery—are prevalent. Assailants may impersonate security personnel, and local law enforcement agencies are unable to effectively respond to serious crimes committed by unauthorized security personnel.

Riots involving various political or economic issues frequently occur in Unity City, the capital of the United Territory. These disturbances can escalate into violence and potentially result in injuries or fatalities.

The eastern part of the Republic of Ruvila is currently experiencing famine-induced civil unrest. Armed clashes between community militias continue, posing a high risk of personal injury and property damage. The conflict has already displaced hundreds of thousands of people. The overcrowded and inadequate camps in Unity City, the capital of the United Territory, used to house refugees, have exacerbated the instability in the region.

The extremist terrorist group Talab has been active and carried out attacks throughout the country, particularly in the province of Vladikhova, which borders the Rebelious region(Walentia). The group aims to expand its influence among Earth citizens, especially those with higher education, and is believed to be linked to hundreds of disappearances within the United Nations.

In the regions outside the United Territories and capital region of the Repulic of Ruvila, governance is exercised by more independent entities.

Local knights may exercise their authority, and travelers may face restrictions on their personal freedom or entry due to cultural clashes.

The Joint Development Region is a center for intellectual property crimes within the country. Organized crime groups, led by “subtitle groups,” are involved in rampant counterfeiting. The black market is flooded with products falsely labeled as “recycled plastic,” including destroyed audiovisual materials (“punched tapes”).

Due to limited interplanetary transport capacity, the Vespasia government's ability to provide consular services to Vespuccian citizens in Ruvila is restricted. Outside of the Joint Development Region, the Vespuccian government's ability to provide consular services to its citizens is further limited by poor infrastructure and security levels.

----------------------------------

Supplementary instruction :		SUPPLEMENTARY INSTRUCTION

If you decide to go to Ruvila:
> Let your travel companions and family know about your travel plans.
> Be vigilant in places where Earthlings gather.
> Respect local customs and avoid violating local taboos.
> Choose a suitable interplanetary transportation service provider to avoid taking surface (interplanetary) routes.

Beware of the risk of property loss. Exercise extra caution when visiting local service establishments and avoid purchasing items outside the city.

Do not carry large amounts of local banknotes, especially Vespuccian pounds, Schmalkalden marks, or Union rubles. Vladimir rubles are exempt.
*Develop emergency plans for emergency situations.

Emergency contact:		EMERGENCY CONTACT

In case of emergency within the Republic of Ruvila, please try to contact the following authorities:

Joint Development Region Security Bureau (within the United territory only)
Address: See the joint departure map on pages 10-11 of the "Joint Development Region Travel Guide" distributed by the Immigration Department in Unity City.
Contact number: Simply dial the number to contact the nearest security guard station.
Representative Office of the Republic of Ruvila, United Vespuccian States
Address: 1 Atlantis Avenue - United Development Region of the Republic of Ruvila
Contact number: (8)907882
Multinational Space Force Command
Address: Vespuccian Space Station, Vespuccian, United Vespuccian States
Contact number: (720) 697

Matters needing attention:		MATTERS NEEDING ATTENTION

Currently, there is no reliable interplanetary transport system in commercial operation to return to Earth from Nox. Any Vespuccian citizen traveling to Nox should be prepared for the possibility of not being able to return to Earth.

The sovereignty of the United Territory (United Territory) legally belongs to the Republic of Ruvila. Therefore, after obtaining entry through the customs of Unity City, no further procedures are required to enter other parts of the Republic. However, given the current security situation, it is not recommended that any Vespuccian citizens in Ruvila leave the territory of the United Territory.

The security forces of the Republic of Ruvila—the Republican Guard and the Ruvila Defense Forces—are severely hampered by insufficient resources and training. The Republican Guard's uniforms and insignia are inconsistent and difficult to distinguish from militia forces. Therefore, citizens of Vespuccia are advised against approaching the Republican armed forces or seeking their assistance.

Smuggling punched cassette tapes or other pirated audio-visual products into Vespuccian territory will result in confiscation by immigration and customs enforcement and may lead to serious charges under Section 2319 of Title 18 of the Code. Therefore, Vespuccian citizens are advised against purchasing any audio-visual products on the United Territories black market.

The travel restrictions for Vespuccian government employees are as follows:
Except in special circumstances, one may not leave the Joint Developement Region at will.
Avoid riding in vehicles driven by locals or interacting with locals not on the representative office's whitelist.
Avoid traveling alone after dark, especially outside of Unity City. If you must travel outside the United Territory, be sure to travel in an armored vehicle and be accompanied by a reliable armed guard.
Vespuccian citizens are advised to also comply with the above travel restrictions.



