Name		: Murphy
Origin		: Republic of Luvia
Call Sign	: Doberman
Affiliation	: Pioneer Service

The slender Murphy is quiet and reserved, with a calm gaze that gives the impression of a smart, good student. In the orphanage, she was indeed the one who loved studying the most.
The Good student Murphy's dream was to become a doctor. However, the limited educational resources at the orphanage couldn't provide her with any proper medical education. All her medical knowledge came from watching TV. Yet, these medical science programs produced by the Union were not suitable for beginners in medicine, as they often covered strange and rare diseases. These programs weren’t intended to teach people how to treat illnesses, but rather to dispel superstition and fear of odd diseases in underdeveloped areas and build trust in doctors and medical science.
With such an education, Murphy's confidence in science grew stronger, but her clinical skills did not improve at all. Whenever her friends didn’t feel well, her diagnosis was always some unheard-of strange disease. For common ailments like colds or diarrhea, she couldn’t offer any help, and she was also of no assistance when it came to treating injuries. She couldn’t even do much about her own relatively frail body.
However, after the establishment of the Pioneer Service Group, General Ruby, known for recognizing people’s talents, discovered Murphy's abilities in close combat. Murphy's knowledge of human anatomy and internal organs allowed her to quickly strike at an enemy’s weak spots in battle, rendering them incapable of fighting , especially when the enemies were wearing protective gear.
As the "business" of the Pioneer Service Group started to flourish, Murphy finally had the opportunity to access proper medical materials. She never gave up on her dream and continued studying in her free time. She was always eager to offer diagnoses and treatments to her comrades, but her offers were politely declined.


Interview Records

Interviewee: Tiko
Murphy is very envious of Tiko’s physique. How unfortunate! Such a build is reserved only for those chosen by Cosmo, as this stature is the proof of justice! No amount of effort can achieve that.

Interviewee: Meimei
No matter how much Murphy begs you to transfer her to the medical team, please make sure not to agree.

Interviewee: Incarcerated Scavenger
That skinny little brat broke my jaw with a single gunstock hit! But that wasn’t the worst part—the most terrifying thing was the half-hour of “emergency care” that followed...