In SEIMPOLIS(СЕИMПОЛИС), the capital of the Republic of Ruvila, Violetta's name is as well-known as the "The Burger Consulate" This burger joint owner is kind, enthusiastic, and possesses superb culinary skills. With the legendary "Violetta Secret Recipe," everyone who has visited "The Burger Consulate" raves about Violetta's cooking, especially the enthusiastic and trend-conscious military personnel. They've even come up with numerous advertising slogans for "The Burger Consulate", such as "Earth's Choice, Superior Choice" and "An Extraterrestrial Encounter, Enjoy the Delicious Flavors of Civilization."

For many RuviLian people, "The Burger Consulate" doesn't just sell ordinary bread, pies, potatoes, and fried chicken; it sells the advanced culture and trends of the civilized world. Young people consider it fashionable to hold their weddings there, while children pester their parents to give them an unforgettable birthday at "The Burger Consulate". For some of the occasional Earth tourists who visit, "The Burger Consulate" not only soothes their homesickness but also allows them to interact with a real brown bear that serves them food, providing ample conversation starters for their alien adventure.

In the quiet of the night, Violetta would always recall her father, whom she had never met, her kind but silent mother, and the bullying she endured in elementary school as a "fatherless bastard", if it weren't for a kind and patient teacher she met in middle school, she knew she wouldn't be where she was today. She remembered the faded olive-green Vespuccian military uniform in the corner of her wardrobe, the "Biscan-style hamburger patty recipe" torn from an old magazine, and the silver pendant her mother treasured, could the man in the photo on the pendant be her father? Now, she no longer resented the man who abandoned his wife and children and ran away as she had when she was a child; she simply wanted to give herself some closure.

Interviewee:Marta

Hehehe...hehehehe...Only here can I completely forget those ungrateful wretches and truly enjoy a relaxing and healing time~ Wojtek's butt feels so good, and the mascot costume is so realistic...Wait, is this made of real bear skin?

Interviewee: Bogna
The owner is nice, but a bit stubborn, always saying things like, "We're selling hamburgers, not gimmicks."
"Head." If I were in charge of the store, the first thing I'd introduce is "Warrant Officer Chicken Nuggets"! ---So what if it's a knock-off?
What's the big deal! I'm still going to launch a promotional campaign, "Crazy Friday," with special offers on menue.
Price: 50 Unity Rubles!

Respondent: Wojtek

Awooo! Awooo! Awooo! (Violetta! Leader of Benedetta! Leader of the Consulate! Wojtek! Obey Violetta!)