Name		: Felice
Callsign		: Waffle (ВАФЛЯ)
Origin		: United Development Region
Affiliation	: Cosmodrome Tactical Unit


Felice is an undercover investigator with the Security Bureau. Rather than using binoculars and submachine guns to gather intelligence, she more often relies on her ever-changing outfits and refined makeup as her weapons of choice. Part of it is, of course, to avoid bloodstains ruining her clothes but more importantly, no one in the bureau can rival her ability to go undercover, track down leads, and especially to extract confessions from suspects using her EGO ability.

As a result, her comrades in the task force are used to Felice clocking in on time each day, teasing Captain Julius with a sly joke, signing the attendance sheet, doing her makeup and vanishing without a trace.

The residents of Unity City are well aware that the city runs on two separate bloodlines, so to speak , One is the outdated directive economy, fed by the United Region Administration’s clunky computers spitting out demand lists: stable, sluggish, and always insufficient.
The other is the rapidly growing underground economy, fueled by scavengers who recover loot from the Landing Zone and feed it into gang-controlled black market distribution networks where everything goes to the highest bidder.

Without the scavengers salvaging parts from crashed spacecraft and returning them to circulation, many United Region companies would collapse.
However, ever since the United Region's law and order began to deteriorate years ago, more scavengers have turned to targeting the personal belongings of interstellar travelers. Incidents of robberies and even casualties among passengers and aerospace staff have become increasingly common.

Thus,The Cosmodrome Tactical Unit was created, engaging in a constant game of cat and mouse with the scavengers.
Infiltrating these supply chains, identifying those scavengers and gang members who profit unjustly, securing evidence, and carrying out arrests that is Felice’s irreplaceable, non-negotiable duty. And no one else is more suited to it.

Of course, most gang members are greedy and shortsighted, so for Felice, these undercover ops can sometimes feel a bit too easy. Even for riskier missions, she can always count on bringing along Erika  skilled in martial arts and easy enough to manage  to help smooth things over.
Felice’s greatest wish is still to capture the elusive “Firefly the Gentleman Thief” with her own hands. Though he always manages to slip away right under her nose, she’s already pieced together several clues:
the Ababil ambulance doesn’t just carry ordinary patients, and the Ista audiovisual store may be hiding a secret side business. If she can just put all the evidence together, then...

Interview Record

Interviewee: Sylvia
There’s a pair of jeans in Felice’s closet completely worn out. I embroidered some geraniums and dandelions over the holes to cover them up.
But she never wore them again afterward…
Seems like I still need to work on my sewing skills...

Interviewee: Erika
...She said she’d “broaden my horizons” and “show me the adult world”!
But where did we end up? In the stinking backyard of a meat processing plant!
She clearly just used me as a bodyguard!
I’m never falling for that again!
Even if she bribes me with ice cream, I’m not going!

Interviewee: An unnamed “businessman”
What a lovely bunch you are, letting a so-called “unemployment insurance salesperson” waltz in and have tea like that?
Since when do gang members need unemployment insurance!?
Now we can’t deliver the turbo pump we’re the ones who’ll really be out of a job!

