JATION

JACORUE LINE

EO

BOCTOK-D


personal briefing

Always elegant and poised like a young lady from a wealthy family, Jacqueline was an outstanding cadet at military school, achieving perfect scores in all her service assessments. Her short four-year military service left her with an enviable resume, leading some to call her a "super military genius." Because medals and awards were readily available, Jacqueline was indifferent to fame and fortune, and particularly fond of helping others. Her smooth sailing fostered a naive yet proud personality, along with exceptionally strong self-confidence, making her even more determined to seek out "challenging" missions.

Jacqueline was undoubtedly very capable, but she didn't actually have many opportunities to demonstrate her abilities: during missions, she was always escorted by senior officers and sergeants, and her paperwork was mostly prepared in advance, with her only making minor revisions and summaries before signing it off. Even her personal belongings were taken care of by several orderly, ensuring that she remained impeccably presentable on the battlefield.

Jacqueline's father, Lieutenant General McDonald, was the son-in-law of four-star General Norton. According to Vespuccian tradition, Jacqueline should have followed in her mother's footsteps, becoming a rising star among outstanding officers. However, McDonald hoped to groom his daughter to become the first female four-star general. His subordinates and old comrades also hoped Jacqueline would follow in her father's footsteps, ensuring their own advancement within the military after McDonald's retirement. Under the patronage of her father and "uncles," Jacqueline served as a pilot, led ground guidance teams deep behind enemy lines, carried out deployment missions in dangerous war zones, participated in the planning of many important projects as a divisional staff officer, assumed liaison roles in various inter-service and multinational cooperative operations, and also handled civilian issues during peacekeeping operations.

However, Nox was a blank in Jacqueline's resume. According to Lieutenant General McDonald's plan, his daughter would continue to effortlessly rack up achievements in foreign affairs with the Republic of Ruvila, and incidentally, bring that "warrant officer" who appeared out of nowhere back to Earth.

Interview transcript
Interviewee: Manprit

The little princess has a ton of extra expenses this month, how am I going to report them? ... Warrant Officer, how about you launch a surprise attack on the mission? That would make it easier for me to report the losses. A night raid would be fine, a night raid!


Interviewee: Gabrielle

Commander Jacqueline is organizing something called TBSC tomorrow, and she asked me to help her iron gifts tonight. Why does she always seem to have so many meetings?


Interviewee: Anastasia

Finally, I have the chance to emphasize the importance of armored vehicles to those stubborn knights. As soon as the distinguished guest from Vespuccia arrives… What? She flies a helicopter?

