Name Mia

Vasilisa ВАСИЛИСА

Former Union of Phalanstery

Belongs to the 8th Squad of the Security Bureau

personal briefing

call sign

Mia is an engineer in Vostok-08 of the Joint Development and Defense Bureau. She is reserved and gentle, always calm and collected in completing her dangerous tasks. She is also the squad's inventive genius, providing the squad with many practical and adaptable gadgets that are hard to come by due to the difficulty in acquiring advanced equipment.

Mia was the last member to join the current Vostok-08. However, her status is quite high, Mia was a top student in high school, not only getting perfect scores in all her subjects but also winning gold medals in the Mathematical Olympiad and the Ruvilian Sea Youth Sailing Model Championship. As an engineer, her task is to deal with various landmines and bombs, and when dealing with these dangerous things, Mia always remains calm and composed.

In Karin and Lisa's eyes, Mia was simply an omnipotent genius. She could instantly grasp any profound scientific problem or complex technological device that left them speechless. To persuade Mia to help them solve their problems, Karin and Lisa vied to flatter her: first calling her "Expert," then "Associate Doctor," then "Doctor," and now "Academician."

When recruiting engineers for Vostok-08, Elena decided to train a "scholar", someone with clear thinking, composure, and strong focus. Mia's parents were civil servants from the Union, seconded to the United Territory. They especially hoped that the academically excellent Mia would attend a prestigious university and become a national manager. However, the collapse of the Union and the subsequent civil war shattered Mia's planned path to success. At this time, Elena extended a very persuasive invitation: Mia could rise through the ranks within the United Territory's Management Committee system. She could become a sergeant after six months of service, receive awards after two years, become an officer after three years, and then succeed Elena as captain of Vostok-08 after five years. Then came the positions of Director of Operations, Deputy Director of the Guard Bureau, Director, and alternate member of the Management Committee… Elena's roadmap for advancement convinced Mia's family, but what did Mia herself think?

Even Elena wasn't sure: perhaps it was because she was still young, hadn't thought that far ahead, hadn't yet witnessed the limits of her abilities, and hadn't realized that some things were beyond her control. Therefore, she wasn't sure what she truly wanted…

Interview transcript

Interviewee: Elena

Mia will become an excellent officer, surpassing me, surpassing everyone in Vostok-08 Please be sure to Protect her and give her the opportunity to grow.

Interviewee: Lida

Thanks to Mia's tutoring, I haven't fallen behind in any of my schoolwork! Next, Mia will tutor me in eighth-grade math, starting with the Vladimir Workbook Starting from the beginning.

Interviewee: Mariana

See? This is how the barbaric lands waste human resources—letting geniuses blew up. Stone work! If I had approached last year When the deep government declared war, it had ten Such young and capable geniuses... no, there need to be six of them...

