"Complainers" are relatively safe as long as they stick to grumbling; Belle-Saxon, however, prefers action over words, making her the biggest headache of the lot. As the mercenary company's new "daddy", or rather, new recruit, Belle-Saxon leaves the corporal scratching his head, the standard-bearer in tears, and Commander Leonie sprouting a few extra gray hairs.

Belle-Saxon is reckless, hot-headed, and bursting with excess energy; she is right in the middle of that volatile "middle-schooler" phase and driven by a primal, biological urge to destroy. She displayed exceptional EGO talent from a young age, a fiery enchantment that is as spectacular as it is troublesome. The rounds from her large-caliber sniper rifle don't just punch through armored vehicle plating; they detonate into a fireball inside the cabin. While Belle-Saxon is perfectly happy with her battlefield role, she finds it agonizing to suppress her urge to incinerate "bad things" when there are no drills or combat missions.

Given Leonie's leadership skills, winning over this unruly brat isn't difficult, the problem is that Belle-Saxon can't always control herself. During the day, veterans and officers can keep her in check or distract her with other training and activities, but at night, they lose control of the situation. Once, Belle-Saxon dreamed she was a Demon Lord; while wildly gesturing and commanding imaginary knights to attack in every direction, she accidentally set her nightstand on fire. The "complainers" had to leap out of bed in the middle of the night to douse the flames and naturally, they had plenty to grumble about afterward.

There are two reasons Leonie hasn't kicked Belle-Saxon out. First, her talent is truly unique, and her destructive power is staggering. By Earth military standards, the Republican Guard lacks heavy weaponry, yet Belle-Saxon is essentially a living artillery piece. Second, she has a powerful backer who recommended her.

Most knights in the Jaeger Corps come from humble backgrounds, but Belle-Saxon is an exception; she was born into a magnificent estate. Her parents, adhering to old-fashioned educational values, treated her with a mix of indulgence and emotional distance, ultimately raising a total hellion.

After all attempts at discipline failed, Belle-Saxon's parents resorted to passing the buck, claiming they wanted the Republican Guard to teach her how to become a true knight. However, their long-standing indifference bore bitter fruit: Belle-Saxon was too petite to qualify for any respectable Republican Guard combat unit, leaving her with no choice but to join the Jaegers. The old landowner declared that as long as Belle-Saxon remained in the corps, he would pay full compensation for any damage she caused.