karin personal report

Name Karin
Call sign	: Lin Xian MABKA
Born 		: joint development region
vostok-08

personal briefing

Karin is the medic in Vostok-08. Compared to her teammates who are either overly hardworking, overly focused, or overly carefree, Karin is gentle, lively, and kind, and good at taking care of people. However, due to her lack of social common sense, she always makes wild guesses about other people's thoughts and behaviors from a romantic perspective, making Karin a burden on Captain Elena that is no less than that of the other team members.

Karin's unique EGO is the ability to accurately determine the temperature of nearby objects. This ability is quite useful, ranging from basic medical treatments like headaches and fevers to preventing frostbite on extremely cold battlefields and preventing hypothermia in wounded soldiers with bleeding injuries. Karin previously served in the Guard Bureau's containment team, responsible for patrolling the streets to help homeless people or those who were drunk on the streets—the winters in Unity City are extremely cold, and many people have survived or avoided amputation thanks to Karin.

Karin's special skills caught Elena's attention, but recruiting her into Vostok-08 wasn't easy: Karin claimed she had no memory of her family background or childhood experiences, only recalling what happened after arriving in the United Territory. Her file only recorded that Karin was rescued by the Guard Bureau as a refugee 10 years prior, received short-term training, and joined the containment team; her prior experience was a blank. This meant a complete background check was impossible. Ultimately, considering Karin's abilities could ensure the safety of the team members during extended outdoor activities in cold regions, Elena accepted this "unknown" girl into her ranks.

Karin's face was often beaming with an innocent and carefree smile—but due to amnesia, her innocence was far more pronounced than it appeared. With the social experience of a 10-year-old, Karin completely failed to grasp the true thoughts and emotions of "ordinary humans." In her quest to become human, she immersed herself in cheap romance novels and childish romantic movies. She attempted to explain all interpersonal relationships through romantic connections, and all human behavior through the power of love, indulging in her own fantasies of passionate love and hate, and becoming deeply engrossed in them.

As the most common object of their imaginations, the comrades of Vostok-08 were used to being both amused and exasperated by Karin's delusions. It was understandable that Karin, who seemed like a watery, girlish young woman, was immersed in rosy fantasies—even though Karin's appearance and figure hadn't changed much in the past 10 years.



Interview transcript

Interviewee: Elena

I have no right to interfere with a warrior's interests, but the novels Karin is reading are utterly absurd. What's with this "love-hate relationship" nonsense? If they truly love each other, shouldn't they want to be together?


Interviewee: Lisa

Captain Elena probably thought that with Karin around, she could easily catch me! She really underestimated me… But there was one time I actually did manage to catch me by accident. I was hungry when I sneaked out, so I brought a boiled egg with me.


Interviewee:Julias

When will Karin return the third volume of "The Romance of the Saints" to me? I'm also very curious about how Emily finally defeated the rebellious crown prince!

