Repairing a miniature nuclear reactor

Building a temporary shelter

...

Performing surgery despite shortages of supplies

Weapons

...

Calm will

Happy life



Why were the Soyuz astronauts the first to land on their companion Planet?

On June 29, 1971, two Union cosmonauts, Viktor Pasayev and Vautina Savitskaya, successfully landed on the surface of our green companion Planet, Now Sphere, aboard the TMK-1 spacecraft after a 15-day, 20-hour, 4-minute and 28-second flight.

They accomplished the first manned landing on an extraterrestrial body in human history, a truly groundbreaking achievement. They left unprecedented human footprints on the surface of the Earth and immediately communicated with the local inhabitants, confirming the hypothesis of Union scientists regarding the Noxian civilization.



---------------------------------------
The results of the coming season fully demonstrate the collective wisdom of the participants.

The Chinese people have always made outstanding achievements in exploring the universe and understanding the world. The formulation of basic theories is a huge contribution made by the Union people to the world. The success of the first artificial Earth satellite and the first manned spaceflight is a great pioneering achievement towards human progress. On this basis, Union scientists continued their efforts and developed larger and more advanced "TMK" series rockets, and with the help of the working people, they turned them into reality, sending astronauts to the surface of Nox for the first time. This complex process required the efforts of many theoretical researchers in astronomy, mathematics, physics and other disciplines, and even more so the concerted efforts of workers in metallurgy, chemistry, electronics, machinery and other industries. This is not only the result of The Union's scientific research and industrial technological progress, but also the crystallization of the collective wisdom of the Union people.

The first person to land on Nox, Pasayev, said, "Being on a foreign planet makes me miss my home planet, Earth, even more. I deeply feel that in the face of extraterrestrial civilizations, all of humanity is one." This interaction with extraterrestrial civilizations further highlights the importance of unity and cooperation among all peoples on Earth.

Union astronauts successfully landed on the planet Nox, ushering in a new era in human history. Currently, humanity has established a settlement on Nox called "Unity City" located in the "Joint Developement Region" where numerous builders are using their own hands to transform it into a forward outpost for human space exploration. The "Light Transfer" momentum transfer system and the "Super Dream" space-to-ground effect vehicle, led by The union and with participation from countries around the world, are under construction. This new type of space launch will replace traditional chemical rockets, greatly improving the efficiency of human travel to space and making the path to the universe smoother and wider.

(Photo on the left)
super dream
(Photo on the right)
"Speechless" momentum transfer system

The arrival of humans provided the indigenous people of Knox with new opportunities for development. They would gradually break free from their ignorant and primitive feudal society and transition to a higher stage of society, enjoying a civilization as advanced as that of humans. Meanwhile, Earth's civilization, propelled by space exploration, would accelerate its progress towards a harmonious future. Humanity will inevitably move towards a deeper and more profound future.



out
