Halt! I'm Hannah from the landing zone security mobile unit. You've entered the restricted area. Before I finish going through that stupid warning procedure, you'd better get out of here, or else... Ah, it's Prapor. I didn't recognize you. Sorry.

I heard the guys from the Union have pretty sharp teeth, opening bottles is a piece of cake for them. Here, I happen to have a bottle, want to try it?

Tsk... those footsteps... that pretentious young master is coming again! Ah, Prapor! You've come at the right time, quick, quick, I need to hide this bottle on you!

What was the atmosphere like in the mercenary group I worked for before? A bunch of locusts, eager to devour everything in their path, shooting from one place to another with their guns, and then at night they'd eat and brag about how many they'd shot…

*Hiccup*, Hey! You've had enough. Give me the car, the keys…I'll drive…Oh, right, I'm not at the midnight party anymore. Hello, Prapor, I'm currently…hiccup, on duty…Let's talk about it later…

Huh? Are you kidding me? Why has the price of canned fish gone up again?! Warrant Officer, please, please sign this complaint letter from the Fisheries and Aquatic Products Administration as well!

Meow-meow-kitty, come here, scratching your chin, and you're purring contentedly? Rubbing against me, hehe, snuggling up to my little cutie-Prapor!? When did you get here!?

If I could, I'd rather use my gun barrel to open a few bottles of birch sap than someone's skull.

Ah-how relaxing! No more gunfire and explosions to lull me into a frenzy. Unless there's one or two furry creatures… no, nothing much.

You and Julius are cut from the same cloth, both reeking of sanctimonious honesty yet utterly reliable. No wonder you can find so many fools willing to risk their lives for you in this chaotic world. Of course, I'm one of them.

Once a goal is set, there's no stopping you from achieving it; promises must be kept, no matter the sacrifice, that's the kind of leader you can trust. If you, as a Prapor, can do that too, then I might be willing to lend a hand.

What to do about a hangover headache? Simple, just have another round of drinks!

No, no, don't touch it! It's so itchy, my hair is standing on end!

Mercenaries hate owing favors the most. You've helped me so many times, I'll definitely do it again. It wouldn't be right not to make some contributions.

What you should arm yourself with are honed skills, not a body full of broken metal!

Ready to prepare!


We've only been fighting the enemy for a few days, while Comrade Prapor had been fighting for six months, this is no exaggeration! Comrade Prapor was the first to step forward in the face of the enemy, and is undoubtedly a brave warrior.