There is a short stack of datacards in a drawer in the 15th Section, A Bureau, Ostheim Ministerium für Volkssicherheit (“Volksi” for those Entente supporters), on one particular card labelled “Legierung” (Alloy), labels “Schmalkalden”, “Military Technological Intelligence,” and a ridiculously long string of numbers. This series of numbers refers to the file where this certain intelligence’s personnel file lies–in the MfV Central Repository, among serval hundreds of thousands of other people’s intel. Even if someone who is not directly related to Alloy’s work knows this number would have to spend days digging through the Geneal Repository to get to Alloy’s detailed information, to get to know that her name was Felice, that her parents were Noxians who acquired Ostheim citizenship, that she has been deep undercover in Schmalkalden for 5 years. Those who get there might conclude that the long-term of peaceful work may have dulled the agility and marksmanship she had honed in Potsdam, and left her somewhat out of touch with the current state of her homeland. However, judging from her highly decorated record, this had done no damage to her sharpness and wisdom.

For ordinaries, Felice was clever, lively and charming. Her colleagues at Karlsruhe said that she was different from those women who were stiff and reserved, shaped by a conservative culture, and that a confidence “out of far blue yonder under Alien skies” shines in her. However, she would show her true sarcastic and tricky self to those reliable people, like other fellow agents, comrades in the army and General Wolf. Given her great achievements in deep undercover missions, missions she was tasked with becoming harder and harder, forcing Felice into deeper and deeper inside Schmalkalden and Entente. For her, the negative propaganda against Schmalkalden she grew up with was way too far from reality. People living in a Post-revolutionary society couldn’t help but show their childish naive no matter how they imagined the evilness of the old regime. This further increased her sarcasm, and her responsibility as the “Peace Sentinel”: She would have to work harder to keep war and conspiracy away from these kind people.

Given that the two countries shared the same origin and culture, together with the chaotic archival administration, getting into Schmalkalden via Ostheim had been an easy way for the Union to infiltrate Entente states. For decades, agents from the MfV A Bureau could easily work in Schmalkalden, getting close to key figures or infiltrating important ministries by posing as victims or exiles during World War. However, as the Federal Defence Intelligence Service (Bundeswehrnachrichtendienst, BND) had increased its interconnection between archives of different regions and introduced computer systems, the old-school ways of infiltration had become dangerous.

However, after the Joint Development Region was formed and many Noxian and Earth-Nox mixed-race immigrants immigrated to Union or Vespuccia, Schmalkalden, in its imitation of the Union and the United Vespuccian State, hoped to attract Nox people to immigrate, to show the inclusive of its society, and to cover up its infamous figure for mistreating foreign labourers. This effort, however, gave A Bureau a new chance to send spies in. Felice’s cover-up to enter Schmalkalden was a Nox person who accepted the Vespuccian aid program and graduated from a community college. Given the vast number of such programs, even Vespuccians could not verify her identity, let alone the Schmalkalden intelligence community.

Before she crossed the border, Felice had gone through the toughest training the A Bureau could imagine; For instance, as a college girl who learned Gothic in Vespuccia, she should remain calm at the shop’s window aside from excellence in both languages, although there were only a few times that the shop’s windows in Ostheim were filled with various products. As a result, her early attempts to find employment met with one rebuff after another. Her male colleagues seemed almost universally convinced that women could not be trusted with serious responsibilities, were incapable of serious research, and had no place making decisions. All the higher education she had received was thus left with nowhere to be put to use.  She would have to take part-time jobs as she refined her fake documents, looking for a desk job as a trade school graduate at the Karlsruhe Nuclear Energy Research Institute. Her infiltration was a success; all kinds of top secret document were handed to her without any decontamination or questions, since everyone just assumed that a Nox woman doesn’t have enough rationality to understand those complicated technical files.
	
Given time, Felice had grown proficient and understanding at her work. In Schmalkalden, starting World War was considered a result of economic depression and a few minor maniacs’ stupidity. The democratic and affluent society today was considered immunity to militarism by nature. Signs and symbols of the Third Reich were shunned like the plague, yet politicians spoke with enthusiasm of using sanctions, demonstrations, and even military strikes to overthrow Ostheim. Major Stella, TV host of ZSF Channel, hyped the MNF’s high-technology armament to the skies, guaranteeing they could sweep through the Union’s forces without a scratch–If the enemy was already tottering, why not give them a good hard kick? 



-----------------------

In a drawer of the MfV No. 15 of the Osterheim People's Security Department, a card titled "Alloy" was briefly marked with: "Schmalkalden," "Military Technical Intelligence," and a ridiculously long number.

Even if someone with no direct working relationship with "Alloy" knew this serial number, they would have to search the entire database for several days to find out that her real name was Felice, that her parents were Noxian people who had acquired Osterheim citizenship, that she had never lived on Nox planet since childhood, and that she had been infiltrating Schmalkalden for 5 years.

Before entering the country, Felice received the most rigorous training that Directorate A could imagine, for example, as a female university student who had studied Gothic in Vespiccoa, in addition to being fluent in both languages, she was not supposed to stare at the dazzling array of goods in shop windows all the time, even though it was rare to find shelves full of various products in Osterheim.

As a result, her initial job search was repeatedly unsuccessful, her male colleagues seemed to generally believe that women could not take on important responsibilities, conduct serious research, or make any decisions, so that her higher education was of no use.

She had to work odd jobs while altering her fake resume to apply for a clerical position at the Karlsruhe Nuclear Energy Institute with a vocational school diploma. Her infiltration was a great success, and all sorts of confidential documents were handed to her without any cover, because everyone assumed that a Noxian woman lacked the rationality to understand such advanced technical information.

Felice's assessment: A top-tier Noxian, with questionable character, yet approachable; ruthless towards enemies of the people; unmarried; with unclear social connections. She has received numerous medals from the organization and commendations from the People's Security Department.
BY.Sylvia

Felice brought some cosmetics from the side, the colors and shine of which were better than those made Localy, Of course, that's all due to the addition of chemical products, so we only use them sparingly in critical missions!
BY. Erika

I had long been accustomed to the incompetence and folly of foreign affairs bureaucrats, so I always thought that the "quiet, dedicated peace sentinels" mentioned in the propaganda simply did not exist, until I met Felice, I discovered that such people really do exist.
BY.Hannah


