Kemmer comes from a family of gunsmiths, a family tradition of gun making. She is not a knight but a commoner, belonging to the servant class in the Republican Guard. She has gained respect due to the enlightened style of the Jäger Regiment and has achieved a status almost equal to that of the knights, but she is not yet fully accustomed to the Jäger Regiment' unrestrained atmosphere.

Kemmer was extremely interested in firearms and ammunition, and very eager to learn, striving to master any gun-related skills. Unlike the 1st Guard Regiment, who had priority in ordering supplies, the Jäger Regiment often faced logistical shortages, and it was difficult to get repairs from manufacturers when their weapons were damaged. This was when Kemmer's prowess became crucial; her hand-loaded sniper ammunition was a guarantee of the Jäger Regiment's accuracy. Kermer had a somewhat naive and timid demeanor, appearing hesitant, but inwardly she was very stubborn. While she was willing to listen to dissenting opinions, she found it difficult to change her initial ideas, and all improvement plans remained essentially the same. To help her comrades, she created a prop gun that fired non-lethal ammunition with beneficial effects—though it still hurt when it hit. 
To help her comrades, she crafted a prop gun that fires non-lethal ammunition with buff effects—though it still hurts when it hits. The grumbling crowd is always full of complaints about Kemmer's "support," and she's embarrassed by their complaints. She tries to modify the hit effects (for example, converting them into electric shocks or vibrations to reduce the pain), but because she refuses to abandon the fundamental principle of using a gun to fire bullets and provide buffs, the pain can never be completely eliminated. Yet, once on the battlefield, the grumbling crowd begs Kemmer to fire one at them.

From a young age, Kemmer assisted her father, whose profession was crafting exquisite wheellockers(kind of flint lock pistoles) for noble knights. After the arrival of Earthlings, through perseverance and self-study, her father mastered the diverse array of firearms used by the National Defense Force, quickly becoming a craftsman of modern firearms himself. Earthlings couldn't quite understand his and his daughter's dedication, but the reason was simple: for her father, not learning meant starving to death, while for her, not learning meant getting a beating.

Times were changing. As a gunsmith, Kemmer could wear knightly uniforms and record military achievements like a knight—a truly unprecedented honor. This was a privilege her father had never enjoyed. Aside from firearms and ammunition, she showed no interest in anything else. This almost obsessive focus was perhaps etched into her bones from the clanging of hammers in her father's workshop during her childhood.