

Name Gabriel Lou
Call sign хомячок

Born in the United States of Westphalia
Multinational Forces Luvilla Mission

personal briefing

Gabrielle, a hardworking and resilient sharpshooter in the Vespuccian Marine Corps,She is prone to subservience due to her low self-esteem. While obedience is a commendable quality for a soldier, her inferiority complex often hinders her performance on the battlefield. Her superiors and comrades try to encourage her, but their words are difficult for the less educated Gabrielle to understand, and their enthusiasm only makes her feel more uneasy.

Gabrielle was born into a cotton-farming family in the South with six siblings. In her memory, the situation described by her parents always seemed to get worse: water shortages, oil crises, falling cotton prices, black riots... All those new things that were being hyped up outside, Nox development, computer technology, the internet, financial innovation had absolutely nothing to do with them.

Gabrielle's impoverished upbringing caused her to develop severe hamsterism: she wanted to take everything she saw, always feeling it might come in handy. Her large backpack was overflowing with all sorts of junk, some of which had been discarded by other members of the mission. Jacqueline certainly didn't want her soldiers to carry too much extra weight, but Gabrielle's frugality seemed to have become a kind of dogma, as her catchphrase was "God will punish me..." and the thought of possibly throwing something away felt like a sin.

Manprit, a supplier for the Ruvilian Mission, quickly discovered that this self-conscious soldier was exceptionally cheap labor; a small material reward was all it took to secure her enthusiastic service. However, Manprit wasn't the only one intentionally or unintentionally using Gabrielle as a tool. The mission commanders were either driven by competitiveness or eager to test their own operational theories… This ordinary Marine's journey to Nox was destined to be fraught with difficulties.

Interview transcript

Interviewee: Manprit

This child is really not cut out to be a soldier. She's so good at enduring hardship, she should go to a temple to become an ascetic, accumulate good karma, and be reborn in West Asia in her next life... Oh dear, I almost forgot that she's already a West Asian.


Interviewee: Helen
Gabrielle seems to have a sensitive stomach; she never touches anything at the buffet except fried chicken and watermelon. Sigh, not eating properly will definitely make her lifeless!

Interview transcript

Interviewee: Sergeant of the Special Mission

Major Jacqueline used to put out snacks for us in the break room, but she stopped doing that. It's because one time there was a box of brightly colored crayons on the table, and Sergeant Gabrielle thought they were candy, so…
