Affection lvl 3

Koubel Mostovich is the combat driver of Vostok-08. She is also in charge of organizing the squad supplies and responsible for maintaining the outer perimeter security operations. Compared to the other full-fledged members who are highly active in the field and possess distinct, varied personalities. Korbel comes across as reticent and unassuming, quietly attending to her duties. She certainly has her own unique habits and principles, though she rarely reveals them to others; after all, her life experience has taught her that the more one expresses oneself, the greater the danger.

Affection lvl 4

Born in April of 1977 in a Samoyedic merchant family that migrated to the south of the republic at Knight Fief of Mostavian as the eldest daughter in the family with both her paternal and maternal families were merchant. She resident in Knight Fief of Mostavian (which has already become a Free City with population of 26 thousands) mix with Ruvilian, Circassians and Samoyedic immigrant where intermarriage among various ethnic groups is Common. Local immigrant children are required to herd Big-Eared sheep for their families as soon as they are old enough to walk, Koubel is no exception. Actually Koubel hometown gained road access during the period of the Republic's rapid development and is located near a major transportation road that went into the Zarrab Mountainous Zone, Koubel tends to see fully loaded trucks and long-distance buses drive past the village entrance when she was young, She grew an interest in the metal beast.

Things change when she was 13. Due to Zarrab Secret War spillover effect and the crash of the Union economy, Ruvila fell into a state of turmoil, the town of Mostavian economy soon crash, small landlords and business owner begin to go bankrupt on a large scale, local poor peasant and landlord who wanted to do Inward Land Acquisition, yeoman who just move and bought some land fall into conflicts over newly cultivated hillside terraces and irrigation rights, escalating into large-scale armed clashes between opposing factions formed along village and local kinship lines, in which develop into cleansing of "Sojourner". In few years, Mostavian become the central of a miniature civil war, Koubel parent's business had to be stoped, Because they decided to escape after getting multiple life threating treat, one day during the night Koubel parents decide to bring Koubel and her two little brother onboard a long distance bus that was guarantee safety passage by the Union People Army, Wanting to search for a new life in the Joint Developement Region. Unfortunately, the vehicle was attack mid journey by an unknown group, Union soldiers onboard where killed while passengers which where mostly of Samoyedics and Circassians origin were shot and crushed by an armored tractor in the hand of the rioters, including Koubel Parents and her brothers, Koubel was hiding in the back of the bus, in a state of panic she awakened her EGO power, made the tractor engine stall immobilizing it, allowing her to escape.

After she escape alone, Koubel traveled by begging, wandering for days, just as she was about to fall from the cold and hunger, she was lucky to be picked up by retreating Union Security Troops and was able to be rescued. Union soldiers pitying the kid, gave her food, teached her how to speak basic Slava and teached her how to drive trucks no matter how light or heavy. She becomame the mascot of the Union Garrison, helping the soldier clean the barracks, set up small stall at markets and use her ability to speak Ruvilian to help Union soldiers gather information on local markets. Afterwards, Koubel followed the Union soldiers retreat back to The Joint Developement Region and return to her home country, Koubel used any ways she could to become a Security Bureau non-regular auxiliary police officer, due to her outstanding driving skills that was way better than others, she was finally promote to regular officer after some hard times. In her opinion, even the workload for the Security Bureau officer was not high,but it was still a stable job, also learning how to drive could help her find work in a different sectors in the future.

Due to never having a former education, Koubel Modern Ruvilian language skills was nothing special in her daily life, but she was always able to understand critical info's and details during mission.

If there is anything bad to talk about her, it was that she is usually a bit too reticent, when it comes time to recognize achievements and hand out rewards, she never thinks to speak up for herself, leaving it to the captain and her teammates to stand up for her.

Koubel could never shake off the though in her head, wishing to find out why conflicts happened back then in the small town and decide she should seek her revenge for her family and those who should not have died there. At first, she joined the Security Bureau just so she could feed herself, as time passed she saw the 8th mobile Unite,has the only collective she could entrust her future and her aspirations, after that the "Vostok-8" Task Force. After staying with the Warrant Officer and the others, She also became more outgoing and opened up to everyone. Due to the Vostok-8 squad driver retirement (he went back to earth to get married after the Battle of the Landing Zone) Koubel was transfer to  drive "Sukhov"

Affection lvl 10

In her personal life, Koubel is just a typical Samoyedic woman. Koubel wishes to marry a good man, build a family, it would be better if both of them could take turn driving cars to do business and have lots of children. As for her personality, Koubel is deeply sensitive and guarded, finding it difficult to trust others. Yet, once a relationship is established, she will commits fully, embracing a mindset of unwavering devotion—prepared to follow her partner wherever life leads. However, having grown accustomed to a life of poverty and frugality, Koubel lives a frugal life and is quite "stingy". She always though her comrades where earning way higher and spending lavishly, with no thinking for the future. Because she saw how fiat money turn into waste paper, she save a lot of gold jewelry, reserved for emergency situation. In the mean time, Koubel is also an expert in caring in ways that doesn't require money like making hot soup and traditional herbal tea.

Koubel rarely argues with others, many think this is because her linguistic skills are too weak to express objection. But in reality, it's not that she is unable to do so—she is simply gentle by nature. The best she can do is "I'm going back to fixing my car" and leav

Samoyedic's Zoroastrian-style beliefs have lost their influence, replaced by a mystified, superstitious form of technolatry or cargo cultism. Although Koubel understand the principle of cars and other kind of transportation vehicles under the teaching of Union soldiers. Yet, she consistently maintained and serviced the machinery with a superstitious attitude toward the equipment, an example is that she always recite silently and pray to the rocket Mother, after changing the turbine's oil and performs hand crank start up as a ritual, which has for result to make her uncomfortable to new electric start-up car model including 8th mobile's "Sukhov" armored car. If one dare to insult the Tablet of Rocket Mother(made out of remain of a fairing", one would get the most serious threat they ever facef. Just like those who believe in the Rocket Mother, Koubel would stop at anytime to press her hand together to pray when space capsule enter the atmosphere or when rockets lift off. When she sees any rocket or spacecraft debris scatter anywhere around Nox, Koubel would burn some joss paper if possible.

Koubel EGO ability made her able to affect combustion efficiency under physical condition. When driving, she could concentrate to maximize the mixture ratio and combustion efficiency within the cylinder in a short period of time, making the engine output power significantly increased, boosting vehicle speed and enhancing torque. If there's any unfortunate enemy vehicle seen by her in a short distance, She could also make opposing side engine suddenly have an engine shocking, effectively lower their mobility and torque.