The Columbia Post

(1) From the unfinished remains of the project, one can still vaguely discern the grand plans that Unity City once had—ultimately, what it tried to create and what it wanted to protect both became nothing but a mirage.

The man was very fond of these portraits, saying, "I have to feed the 1.9 million people of the United territories, and I also have a responsibility to the Republic of Ruvila, don't I? They were built under our guidance, and we are responsible for them. The situation in Ruvila is unstable, and hundreds of thousands of refugees have poured into the area around Unity City. But they can become a valuable workforce! Labor-intensive businesses can find new growth opportunities here..."

Mr. Mkrtchyan hopes to keep a large, outdated economic system running thanks to investor infusions. When we pointed this out, Mr. Mkrtchyan rubbed his eyes to avoid the sunlight. “We also allow investors to repatriate profits to the earth through precious metals or other valuable mineral derivatives. Of course, this is contingent on paying corporate taxes…the amount of tax will be negotiated between the two parties, and there will be a tax-free period.”

(2) Eddie Cohen is a freelance photojournalist contracted with Getty Images and the Columbia Post. He gained media attention for being the first to photograph the arrested General Arena during Operation Freelance in 1990 and has traveled to Nox twice. He is currently preparing for his third trip to the planet.

(3) Karen Grossman is a senior reporter for the Columbia Post. She joined the Columbia Post in 1972 and served as a war correspondent covering the Fourth Canaan War. She was also shortlisted for the Pulitzer Prize for her coverage of the 1981 presidential assassination. Currently, she is responsible for political and cultural reporting in the former Union region and Nox.

(4) "However, this led to us being swarmed by a bunch of dirty Nox kids who clung to my legs like a litter of stray dogs, wagging their ears and shouting 'Sakhar!' (Slava for sugar)."

The day before returning to Earth, we sold almost all our cumbersome Earthly possessions, exchanging them for much lighter souvenirs such as crystals and taxidermy specimens. This sale was again done with Mr. Malek, who had survived the police raid that day and whose fine was settled in Unity rubles. Quite unexpectedly, we saw Julius, carrying a military knife, enter Mr. Malek's shed. To avoid embarrassment, we kept our distance. However, this resulted in us being surrounded by a group of dirty Nox children who clung to my legs like a pack of stray dogs, wagging their ears and shouting "Sakhar!" (Slava for sugar).

I had no choice but to rely on Julius to get me out of the predicament. She told the children in an unequivocal tone that we had no candy, discouraging them from trying. She then tried to be very friendly, talking about books she had recently read and complaining about the various frustrations of her career. Perhaps out of politeness to guests who had come from afar, she gave us a beautiful flame-colored crystal pendant that refracted a beautiful halo in the sunlight—this high-temperature quartz glass could only be found on sandy ground scorched by the landing module's engines, and most of it was cloudy and black. We asked her if she would consider leaving Nox to seek opportunities on Earth, or returning home, and she unhesitatingly rejected both possibilities:

"I swore an oath to the Union and its banner with the honor of a knight, just as a Saint Seiya swore an oath to Athena. Even if I lose everything, I still have life."

At this moment, mud balls, pebbles, and twigs rained down on us, and Julius's neatly made uniform and shiny badges were all ruined—the Nox children, like stray dogs, gathered around again, throwing filth and cursing:

"Don't come if you don't Have candy! You're a lying Earthling!"