ENTENTE ORGANIZATION
Allied personnel report 6614
Name 		:Stella
Codename	:Schön ШЁН
nationality	:Schmalkalden
Affiliation 	:KM Company

personal briefing

"In terms of historical heritage, The KM Company is far inferior to many old military factories, but in the firearms tenders of the Schmalkalden Defence Force and even multinational forces,The KM Company has always been the leader. Contemporary analysts say that in addition to the innovative products and the ability to cater to customer needs, KM Company's powerful sales campaign has also played a significant role, and Stella is such a marketing expert."

As the head of KM Corporation's agency on Nox, Stella always maintained a perfectly measured elegance and tone, choosing the most pleasing approach based on the other party's attitude: flattery, sincerity, professionalism, or a push-and-pull approach. However, one thing remained constant: her admiration for Schmalkalden's advanced technology and industrial style. Schmalkalden's automobiles, machinery, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, education, law, philosophy… all were objects of Stella's enthusiastic promotion. After all, it was thanks to Schmalkalden's nurturing that she, a wild child from the remote mountains of Samoyed, was able to enjoy her current comfortable and modern life.

For the commanders of the Republic, mass-produced goods were simply not prestigious enough. Stella recognized this, which allowed her to open up the market for the expensive KM products. Since the knights and lords were reluctant to go shopping, Stella, along with her sales and after-sales service team, visited the commanders' mansions and hunting lodges to promote her products. She skillfully and elegantly made the parts whirr and click, her slender fingers lightly stroking the glossy surface, demonstrating how easy it was to operate—and the military developments and political secrets casually discussed by the nobles naturally reached her ears.

As a defeated nation in the World Wars, the nation of Schmalkalden, unable to openly participate in the space race, also eagerly desired to exert influence on the planet Nox. The Defense Force Intelligence Agency—also known as the "Prah Agency"—actively engaged in "aid" and "communication" work with the Samoyed people scattered across the Luvira and Zarab regions, hoping to one day support a new pro-Schmalkalden regime. Stella's superiors assured her that sooner or later she would become part of the ruling class of the new nation. However, as a diligent student of the Prah Agency, Stella knew very well that promises from those in power could not be entirely relied upon; both the new regime and she herself needed additional allies…


Interview transcript

Interviewee:Marta
Stella! I can't take this anymore! What's with these messy accounts? What exactly is this "special hospitality expense"?! You're using guests as a shield again! No way, you're going to explain these strange expenses to me today!

Interviewee: Dajana
Hehe, I'm the top salesperson at the agency again this year! But that's because Miss Stella always attributes her sales performance to me... Isn't that a bit unfair? If she doesn't have any sales, won't Miss Stella lose face in front of her superiors?

Interviewee: Lida
The stuff from that scam company is so expensive, we can't afford it at all... But even if my brother doesn't buy anything, Stella always invites him to tea or banquets, saying he's her most important VIP client! — Stella is so generous, I wish I could go and eat and drink for free too!
